1. Add soil moisture and soil temperature at ~ 5 cm depth from automated chambers
2. Add Auto Rsoil in the diurnal subplots
3. Change the DAMM parameters: fit to data + change each of the 64 porosity to max SWC 
4. Add legend for Survey and Auto Rsoil (and rename Rsoil modelled)
5. Add a menu (on the right of the figure): 
6. error bar option (toggle): standard deviation or range (min and max)
7. Rsoil heatmap option (toggle): modelled or measured  
8. put date slider in the menu on the right 
9. add a slider to change hour of the day (currently slider change day)
10. Option 3D or 2D (toggle): 3D is using elevation data as z
11. Heatmaps color range option (toggle): range (min max) of the day vs. range (min max) of the period
12. List: select the year (for later, if many years of data)
13. List: model (currently, only DAMM). The model will fit on the data (and account for spatial heterogeneity and temporal heterogeneity)
14. Click button to open bench-mark result: open a window, showing different metric (seasonality, diurnal pattern, r2, RMSE, etc...) 
15. Click button to visualize model parameters (not that there is 64 sets of parameters, one set for each location in space)
16. Toggle button to show different heatmaps (64 locations): soil texture, bulk density, ... other soil properties
17. How to incorporate flux tower data? 

Eventually, I will make a package of this interactive figure (almost a GUI), so that it can work with different datasets (e.g. at other locations, with more or less sensors...) 
--> If we deploy the same experimental design with different resolutions at ARM sites for example

Also, I will make this interactive figure freely accessible on a website (using Franklin.jl). These will be one of the option of the platform for heterogeneity 
--> and many others could be done, using different datasets / database of land-atmosphere exchanges

Note that here, we have a dataset of soil respiration, soil moisture, soil temperature. But the same idea (vizualisation, modelisation, bench-marking of heterogeneity grid dataset)
 could be applied to any other land-atmosphere exchange dataset (methane, h2o, others...)  
 